Added new available slack channel URLs (#4024)
magento/devdocs: community/resources/resources.md

To connect with Magento and the Community, join us on the [Magento Community Engineering Slack][]. If you are interested in joining Slack, or a specific channel, send us a request at [engcom@adobe.com](mailto:engcom@adobe.com) or [self signup][].

> We have [channels][channels] for each project. These channels are recommended for new members:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have [channels][channels] for each project, but the following channels are recommended for new members:
```

- [github][]: Support for GitHub issues, pull requests, and processes
- [public-backlog][]: Discussions of the Magento 2 backlog
- [devdocs][]: Documentation contribution support

> - [cloud][]: Open chat for cloud questions

Reviewer 2: I don't know if the purpose of these chat is correctly described, maybe @jeff-matthews (or magento engcom pip ) can help with the people in charge of the channels

Reviewer: Ideally, we could copy/paste the text from the "channel purpose" in Slack. Unfortunately, very few channels have that property set in a meaningful way.

Deferring to @lorikrell for this one since I know she's very active in those channels supporting the EngComm team.

Reviewer 3: @osrecio sorry for late reply! I just posted this page for Community Engineers to easily update/add new channels. https://github.com/magento/magento2/wiki/Slack-Channels Could be an excellent replacement!

- [graphql][]: Open chat for graphql contribution
- [pwa][]: Open chat for Progressive Web Applications contribution
- [msi][]: Open chat for Multi-Source Inventory contribution
- [mftf][]: Open chat for Magento Functional Testing Framework(MFTF) contribution

## Resources and guides

- *Video* [How to contribute during Magento Contribution Days][57] by [Max Pronko][35]
- *GitHub* [Magento Resources][23] curated list by [Alessandro Ronchi][30]
- *Blog posts* [Thoughts on Magento, PHP, JavaScript, Laravel, React, Docker, and user interface design][56] by [Mark Shust][38]

> - *Videos* [Mage2.tv][24]

Reviewer 2: I should add `by Vinai Kopp`

Author: @osrecio I added vinai kopp name for Mage2.tv
